hi everybody i'm jimmy i am the host of
the show thank you for watching
and i think i speak for all of us when i
say we appreciate it
we are coming to you from los angeles
where once again
our air has been named the most polluted
air in the united states according to
the
american lung association that's right
and that study was done before 420
so um in l.a when your yoga instructor
tells you to breathe in deep she's
actually trying to kill you it's a crime
unfortunately all the benefits of us not
driving during the pandemic
were wiped out by the wildfires caused
by climate change which was caused by
all the driving we did
before the pandemic it's what you call a
catch 2022.
it's it was pretty crazy to see how
clear it was when we were all on
lockdown and nobody was driving
i found out we have mountains which i
didn't know did you know that guillermo
yes you know well you know what they say
it's not the air quality that counts
it's the air quantity did you celebrate
4 20 last night of course you mean it
seems like you maybe you're
yeah still celebrating it yeah a little
bit a little bit yes
a little bit by yourself yeah because i
tell you something we were shooting
something last night
and something didn't work out i was like
oh maybe we'll have guillermo do this
and they're like oh forget about it he's
it's 4
20 and he's not coming back to work i
was at home
celebrating yeah all right we have a
very entertaining show plan for tonight
not as entertaining as what went on at
guillermo's house last night but
we have music from maroon 5 with an
assist from megan the stallion
and back with us for the first time in
four years
former president george walker texas
ranger bush will be with us
promoting a new book of portraits he's a
painter
george bush is a painter now could you
imagine donald trump painting
he'd be like painting one of my mexican
get me a
taco salad and a diet coke but president
bush paints
and he will be with us very soon
speaking of high profile guests i have a
big announcement to make
one week from tonight you're probably
going to want to put this in your
calendar in fact
hey siri set reminder next wednesday
night
we will be visited in studio by the my
pillow man himself mike lindell
i know all our dreams are coming through
mike just mike lindell launched a new
social media website for people who are
too crazy for twitter
with a 48-hour live stream he called it
the frankethon
and this was the frankethon scene last
night when they got word of our official
invite
to appear on the show he promised me
last night he invited me on his show
jimmy if you're out there we did try and
get a hold of your publicist
did we get a hold of them did they
respond what did they say
[Applause]
oh are you really just now this is
breaking news here on frank
i wow i'm uh i'm open to it and i did
promise them all they're going to get my
pillows in the audience
that's good that's good our whole staff
will get
it
it'll give you something to scream into
that'll be good
the bad news is that's your christmas
bonus
santa's coming early this year and his
name is mike now
i do have to say his enthusiasm is
infectious we've been doing this show
for a lot of years now i don't think
anyone has ever been more excited to be
a guest i want to thank jimmy kimmel for
having me on
i will take all the hard questions that
night i'll talk about
you know i mean this is this is a
blessing i look at it as a blessing
because
i think everyone everyone should be
concerned here and
uh um everybody in the country i mean i
don't think that i know they should be
and uh so wow this i i'm excited so
well back to you back to your show but
uh but it but
that is i'm really happy right now
hey listen that makes two of us mike we
are
bed bath and beyond excited to have you
i will say this for a guy who's
convinced that this town is filled with
celebrity baby cannibals
seems to have no reservations about
coming out whatsoever
he's already on the road he's driving
from minnesota with a california king
mattress strapped to the roof of his
buick
and a trunk full of pillows for us that
frankenthan was a wonder to behold
from beginning to end at one point
liddell called out a writer
from a website called politizoom or at
least he tempted to call her out
he was very mad about what she wrote
about him which made it very difficult
for him
this will put you out of business you
zilla it's it's ursula i finally figured
out how you say it ursula
no that's another lie
ursula ursula u f a y u
f a w ursula fall
[Music]
you are the you are the one the enemy of
the american people
ursula pick a better day zoo lila
ursula why don't you talk about all my
employees
you zilla far you don't even know me zoo
lila far
my mother-in-law
yeah by the way i watched like 22 hours
of this i still have no idea who the guy
sitting next to him is no idea
ursula florida congressman matt gates is
in heavy spin mode right now he spent
around 116 000
on mailers the day after the new york
times reported that the justice
department
was investigating him for sex
trafficking and other crimes he also
paid
almost 160 thousand dollars for
fundraising consulting
six figures on a commercial disputing
the allegations
and he paid five thousand dollars to
trump's pal roger stone for
strategic consulting wow imagine how
much he would have paid if he was guilty
i mean
really i guess he figured
my career is sinking like a stone i
might as well hire one roger stone who
we saw in the ursula clip
with mike lindell looking on confused is
the notorious washington
dirty trickster it's funny how these
guys rail against the swamp
and then the minute they get in trouble
they head right for the creature from
the black lagoon
yesterday a jury in minneapolis
delivered three guilty verdicts against
former police officer derek chovin
many americans on twitter on various
platforms have spoken
passionately powerfully about the
verdicts and their significance
yesterday but none
spoke less eloquently than tucker
carlson of fox news
tucker had a former new york city prison
official on his show
and when the officer dared to use the
word savagery to describe what
derek chovin did tucker had a little
explosion in his head
now like i said mr floyd was brought
under control
what should have happened at that point
is ems should have been summoned
and he should have been placed in an
ambulance and a supervisor should have
been called to the scene
i i just think that it was excessive and
it shouldn't happen
and what i'd like to do the guy who did
it looks like he's going to spend the
rest of his life in prison so
i'm kind of more worried about the rest
of the country which thanks to police in
action
in case you haven't noticed is like
boarded up
so that's more of my concern but i
appreciate you coming on ed gavin thank
you
what the hell was that it's like there's
a little girl trapped in his head right
he laughs like the villain in the movie
who realizes james bond just put the
bomb back
on him and he's about to explode let's
hear that again
in case you haven't noticed is like
boarded up
so that's more of my concern but i
appreciate you coming on ed gavin thank
you
that's the same noise women make when he
takes off his pants
what human makes a sound like that yeah
that's the thing mike lindell he's
bananas
all the time he's consistent tucker
carlson just lets little bursts of it
slip out
like the joker or something meanwhile
the penguin chris christie
uh may be throwing his top hat in the
ring chris christie
who as you probably know is the former
governor of new jersey is said to be
seriously considering a run for
president
in 2024 well not a run so much as a
sweaty walk for president
in 2024 i guess he has nothing to do i
don't know why he
would think chris christie he was like
the
um theon greyjoy of the 2016 campaign
you watch
game of thrones came in a proud warrior
and then trump captured him
and cut his junk off and brainwashed him
made him crawl around on the floor of
the oval office
feed him fried chicken bones to gnaw on
every once in a while
and now he wants to be president well
you know what they say when god closes a
bridge
he opens a window besides hawaii
california right now our state we may
have the most air pollution but we have
the lowest rate
of coronavirus in the country right now
for all those who
say oh they did the same thing in
florida and texas and look anyway the
the four least vaccinated states ranked
by
available shots compared to those who
got them
are mississippi arkansas georgia and
alabama which
if you take the first letter from each
of those states what do you
what a happy coincidence that is and
while the big problem a month ago was a
shortage of vaccinations
now we have a shortage of people who
want the vaccine a number of states
have more doses now than they know what
to do with some
are even resorting to bribery in new
york yesterday they had an event called
joints for jabs
on 420 they gave away free joints if you
got your shot
i wonder how many people got a third
shot just to get that weed
but and there's a bun in new orleans
there was a bar
that was offering shots for shots you
get one you take one
in alaska on the kenai peninsula ems
personnel are bringing the vaccine to
any house or business
that has more than three people
unfortunately only two people live
on the kenai peninsula but this must be
very annoying to canada they have you
know they're a surge of cases
they're way behind on vaccines we're
giving out free mojitos
to convince these idiots to get it
everybody wanted these shots
and now we have too many they're the
vaccine equivalent
of fidget spinners you know what could
have used the vaccine as ted nugent ted
dugent
a man who repeatedly claimed the
pandemic wasn't real covert wasn't real
guess what he has covert it's real he
says he's been very sick for the past
10 days so let's uh take a moment now to
relive some of
ted's golden coveted moments it's not a
real pandemic and that's not a real
vaccine i'm sorry
kovitz 1 through 18 didn't shut anything
down but whoa
covet 19. yeah let me put this mask on
500 000 people have died from covet 19
bull and i'm gonna stand six feet away
from everybody
are you that stupid
mask i don't know no mask
i am from the government this needle's
good for you
i was tested positive today
i got the chinese
[Music]
well congratulations ted no one deserves
it more than you
you know last week the world clocked the
most cova cases for any week ever and
now animals are testing positive
seven otters at the georgia aquarium
have coveted
which really puts a dent in all those
psas about washing your hands
no one washes their hands more than an
otter
it's always right it's always nuts to
remember where we were
a year ago with this and uh with that
said it's time to look back at what was
in the news
one year ago this week in tonight's
edition of this week in covet history
this week in covet history it's
mid-april 2020
and nobody knows what to believe first
there were 2.2 million
who were supposed to die in the united
states and then it was a million then it
was five hundred thousand
the models folks are just plain wrong
yeah no way five hundred thousand
americans will die
of kovid especially not with president
trump's new plan
sun sunlight heat sun heat heat and sun
heat and the light very powerful light
what a bright idea
but how would we use this very powerful
light supposing you brought the light
inside the body either through the skin
or
in some other way
sounds interesting interesting and
genius
what else i see the disinfectant where
it knocks it out
in a minute is there a way we can do
something like that by injection
inside or almost a cleaning it'd be
interesting to check that she looks like
she could use a glass of bleach right
about now
the media spreads word of the
president's plan but it turns out the
president was just pulling our legs
i was asking a question sarcastically to
reporters like you just to see what
would happen
classic had me going even his fox and
friends were confused
it didn't seem like it was coming off as
sarcastic either way
it's important we end this mess soon or
else
if we don't get this economy going again
that man could become president of the
united states
now that is far more terrifying than any
coronavirus
that's a bunch of malarkey this has been
this week
in covet history hi i'm jimmy kimmel
click below to subscribe to our youtube
channel or if you want to be that way
about it don't